today is great you just watch it and
learn from its greatness
yeah well golden Guardians is continuing
their upward trend after us rough starts
the beginning of split I'm joined right
now by contracts on week 6 with coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about their game against CLG alright
contracts I ask you a very bold blunt
question right now brace for it are you
no longer the worst team and the NA LCS
well freaks Power Rankings we're
actually a 9th place right now so that's
all we need so we're actually nine place
team right
it's just freaks Power Rankings that you
go by yeah yeah nothing else matters
just freaks by ranking good let's talk a
little bit about how things are going on
golden Guardians so what what are you
guys what's leading to these wins what
have you guys figured out behind the
scenes well I think in the beginning
we're we definitely don't have like the
strongest players in each role like I'm
not like the best regular high is not
investment or like etc but I think in
the beginning we're not really working
too well together either so it was just
like a combination of everything and uh
so we were just like looking really bad
but I think it's times go on we've our
synergy has gone a lot better together
they're just playing a bunch of games
together so I think just mainly just
more time is what led to our up a word
string and then what what do you need to
do to start to keep making the jumps how
do you get into playoffs before the end
of week nine I think we have to win like
almost every single game starting or
like from now so I even have a chance to
playoffs cuz we're ot vers optic so if
you like it tied with him we're actually
pretty doomed
I think our playoff hopes are pretty
slim but we're gonna try our hardest to
get there okay well how do you how do
you increase your win chances over the
next couple of games like what are the
areas that you still need to prove is it
just individual strength because you
said the teamwork stuff is starting to
come in I think it's a little bit
everything like we all just need to work
hard to just keep improving day by day
week by week hopefully we can get up
there yeah hi tweeted something
yesterday about how he feels as though
he's figured out what your guys's
problems is
are and how he's going to ensure that
that stuff gets the resolved have you
guys talked about that yet yeah actually
he says he doesn't play as selfish as he
needs to he says he roams around too
much and doesn't really focus on his
lane enough I see or as much as he
should so he's been working on that and
try that today he's like reverse EF and
he's rise so he just gonna him in
lane and take his turret and yeah he's
just some more focused on himself Morse
mostly I have that that's also
oftentimes how I figure out how I'm
losing in soloqueue
I'm like I'm supporting the team way too
much I did about me more selfish I have
the only person that could carry this
team I appreciate his mentality I've
kind of picked up on that too hard
second time in three two so I started
smurfing and I'm actually twenty four
and four and so lucky ran out so after I
started focusing on myself and that's
the key to winning the key to winning
everyone is to focus on yourself let
that be the lesson to take away all
right
try to think if there's anything else
golden Guardians related anything else I
going on with the team any hype stuff
got some new swag I think yeah I got
some uh some shoes probably the nicest
shoes I've ever owned in my life even
though they're probably not that nice
but I mean cool yeah nice bro and
remember to get an insert shot of the
shoes for this afterwards okay so you
got new shoes that's great one thing I
want to talk to you about is I'm really
concerned because throughout a lot of
I've look I've been here throughout all
of na LCS and I've noticed a disturbing
trend in the NA LCS I'm really worried
about it I don't know why it's so bad
this year people keep talking about
animating it's just like anime anime
anime it's like taking over the NA LCS
you are one of the culprits of this and
and I was wondering if you could help me
figure out why this is happening
today's great you just watch it and I
have not I've tried to watch it I'm not
able to get into it so but why is okay
anyway maybe great but what is it about
na LCS this year in particular that's
just like everybody's just like Oh
Joe's Bizarre Adventure oh there's this
mech thing that's really sexual when
people fight with each other in this
thing like what why why do I keep
hearing this stuff and why can't I
escape it I actually haven't watched
those animes they're talking about
it's like Frank's and uh Joe Joe I
haven't really watched any of it so I'm
kind of separated from that bandwagon
over there I think I'm like on the
higher tier like so they're like eh -
I'm liking this okay so yeah yeah well
I'm just trying to figure out what it is
because it's it's disturbing I'd subset
it looks like why can't we just talk
about League of Legends is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there ah well you have a
really rough split so far it hasn't
really been the best but for me I they
arrive and perform pretty poorly but
hopefully I can do well next time in
weeks and maybe you get playoffs but I'm
just trying to do my best
good thank you so much contracts for the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hopefully from that
interview you learned why citrus is the
best anime of all time so you know let's
Travis Omni slash